on this Sunday night warning signs tales of a teenager who went on a shooting rampages Colorado high school what is behavior
before the shooting search for answers the body of a former NFL star e621 what triggers a tragic murder suicide a year ago
shoppers beware apps you use to search for bargains are also be used to spy on you
remembering Peter O'Toole will look back pain doctors Long and successful career
NBC News world headquarters in New York
this is NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt
good evening first shots Venice shock and awe hard questions were there warning signs is the question friends of the teen who open fire is Denver area high school on Friday a wrestling with tonight 18 year old Karl Pierson took his own life
after storming it was High School in shooting a classmate severely wounded in her
now a friend of the shooter is telling NBC News at Pearson ingrown angry dad made threatening remarks about the teacher who police think what is prime target NBC's Ron Mott spoke with a friend today joynus Staffing Centennial Colorado with brand new details on the story Ron grieving
Payless a good evening to you a darker image of Karl Pierson is Emergen tonight for one of his classmates 231 pretty well in fact they spoke last Monday about Pearson possibly coming back to the debate team what my baby is already bought a shotgun
senior jewelry Memphis he switched down a hallway with a shotgun blast Orton breaking down with the pounds sprint corporate
my first dances to want to defend him but I know that's wrong because it's in the sensible heat and Sandor what he does and it's hard to to process does an ocean
Pearson freshman at Arapahoe high school
Littleton Pearson and Redman co captains on the speech and debate team best friends Redmond says but he felt close enough to try to help him
speech and debate with his wife in the fact that he wasn't there
custom a little bit me to really
Penson angry about that
it been a stressful fall term for Pearson angry Redwood City from losing is coming to tmobile to go with me to coach library in Tracy Murphy a wanted man in Pearson size Carlin
Murphy did not get along
and whatever it was isolated to a death row
is intent was evil
and his evil intent to harm multiple individuals
police a Pearson stored into the school heavily armed prepare to hurt me more than just one person for the library looking for Murphy official safe shot 17 year old Claire Davis in the head Point Blank the weapon on himself the car that I knew what it was
person but obviously the color came to school on Friday was not
the violence only added to the displacement pain in a community especially hard hit by deadly spring killings Columbine in 1999 13 dead
movie theater in Aurora just last year another 12 today Colorado governor Eco button expressed year what in the world is going on in the Denver
Metro null rational explanation for happening here I'm sick of it I have no nothing Colorado
talk nonstop to classmates Friday hoping to make sure no one internalize is the day stroma help is all around
try to help him I didn't get some other people try to help him and he didn't get some think you know there are so many people in my shoulder support if the fan is able to get to the day
talk to a number to the number of students at the shell he's trying to encourage everyone to talk to count to one another because of the two days is happen if it's really help him
alright thanks for my child major developments weakened involving a star NFL player who shot and killed his girlfriend then himself last year
the body of Kansas City Chiefs linebacker Jovan Belcher has been exhumed at his family's request a hope it will determine whether a brain injury was a factor I report a diaper mendeecees Kristen Dahlgren
more than a year after the murder suicide Jovan belchers family still wants to know why ordering the linebackers body exhumed is brain can be examined for chronic traumatic encephalopathy or CTE
degenerative brain disease linked to head trauma last December in Kansas City Belcher killed his girlfriend the mother of a 3 month old
daughter okay I were arguing
then in the parking lot of the Chiefs practice facility shot himself at the time is family mortgage off on the new kindness
como de gratitud family friends were steadfast
now they wonder if it's in the field of damage to the brain
he had a lot of hits a linebacker probably including a lot of concussions that went on diagnosed are unreported
doctors at Boston University recently reported finding CTE in the brain to 52 to 54 deceased NFL players say tested
we know in many cases how does manifest itself suicide dementia severe memory loss
last year retired NFL great Junior Seau committed suicide is brain tautology confirm CTE in 2011 bear safety Dave Duerson shot himself in the chest leaving a note donating his brain to the NFL brain Bank it to show CTE
what experts say a similar diagnosis for Belcher may not explain everything
even if on Jovan belchers found to have CTE that doesn't mean that that itself is the cause of the murder suicide
Miguel Torres family hope that's a step toward understanding what led to the unthinkable Kristen Dahlgren NBC News New York
matcha northeast Methodist digging out from a powerful pre winter storm in left footer more of snow in parts of New England today after dumping 7 inches yesterday on Detroit
and 6 inches on New York City storm is playing Fur Elise Ford f6 traffic accidents it also cause hundred flight cancellations airlines are still struggling to get back on schedule
mount of cereal with the bloodshed and suffering from the nearly three year old Civil War shows no and government are strikes today on rebel controlled areas in northern city of Aleppo reportedly killed 37 people including 16 showtimes
meantime harsh winter weather in the region is setting in adding to the crisis especially among the more than 2 million Siri into a flat ankle does a refugee camp across the border in northern Lebanon just visited by NBC's cure sentence
miserable visa status Syria fighting with Angeles
h1 visa makeshift Ensiferum to at least one family hundreds of times like this phone is a family's an estimated 1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon alone
Phil of the abandoned
I'm desperate mothers and children 1300
husband behind she tells me know when is winning the window
the hub family things to do in cold conditions
6221 blanket to share this is what you sleep who is your family
2023 Shana ride a Western leaders in shame the pill help with these people
the wolf moon is supported by the West on losing ground and refugees you look to America the help
NBC News
South Africa better than motional final farewell to date a Nelson Mandela marking the end of a 10 day period of national mourning the beloved father of modern South Africa was laid to rest following a state funeral held the humble village of Kuno where Mandela spent most of his childhood
NBC's to foreign correspondent Richard Engel was there
it was the final stop on a long journey to wear Nelson Mandela ask to be buried in the small village where he grew up
what's a grand estates under bar of soap a private fare well in a massive 10 by the Mandela family graveyard of 2000
invited guests extended family world leaders old friends Prince Charles among the motors Oprah Richard Branson when do bass eat
India to lose to the highest land
what you want in life
Ahmed Kathrada spend years jail done Robin island with Mandela
I lost a brother
and I don't know
in life and now death Mendes journey is the founding myth on which modern South Africa
built across the country crowd watch large screen
The Civil Wars invited to attend a private ceremony for to participate together watching on a big screen come on the passage of a man in the passing of an era
South Africa's current President Jacob Zuma open for the sign for failing to live up to Mandela's moral standard value to carry on the legacy
The Long Walk to Freedom head and it
the physical sense
how old is Jenny continues ah man and then at noon by tradition when the Sun was high on shadow shortest let's go
and South Africa said Nelson Mandela was finally free Richard Engel NBC News
President Obama's course paid his respect to Nelson Mandela when he spoke at a memorial service in Johannesburg on Tuesday
animated series photos released by the White House taken aboard Air Force 1 on the journey to South Africa former President George W Bush's wife Laura and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton travel with the Obamas
well official photo releases like these are now at the center of an escalating battle between the White House and the news media over access an image control our White House correspondent Kristen Welker has more
this summer the president and his former Secretary of State have lunch at the White House newsworthy events at the news media works cited in the only one given access the official White House photographer
for the first eyes and ears for the public if we're not getting access the president Publix
veteran Washington journal is Ron Fournier called images like these propaganda are you the Obama White House consistently blocks journalist from a vent cover in previous administration
the most recent example who's photos of the historic Air Force one trip by two presidents to Nelson Mandela's funeral capture only through White House lens what the price court was in the back of the plane
the White House is getting most of the control
38 media organizations including NBC News recently joined in a letter to the White House charging the administration is blocking the public from having an independent view of the executive branch of government
cystic president values the independent media
we're going to work with the press in with taga for stew try to the address of the Arkansas
historically presidents have tried to controller images
Fishel photos deleted your bush alot easier
bill Building Twitter Flickr released things directly to the public allowed to do without any filter the media
what its not only the press cameras being shuttered the president of impromptu question 9 the media unscripted answers that might be newsworthy
his promises consistent promise of a transparent administration led people to believe that the access point B what's the difference with a grater
for those of you who haven't started your Christmas shopping yet a warning after today they're just 9 shopping days left wheels of a warning for bargain hunters does apps you use to find the best deals for also be used to find out a bit more about you MSNBC's John yang
Chicago Maureen brown is hitting the stores this holiday shopping season 1
smart phone in hand
Best Buy target TVs
they send you coupons and let you know what time it is
Sears the app is part social network for people with checked in here the store and giving little tips about the store
Pepsi can post on service USA which of the shirt for fashionable
this year more shoppers ever say they're going to use smartphones to learn more about stores at the same time stores are using our phones
more about us
apps like shopkick already a word six million users to deals with a walk in the more than 7000 stores like Best Buy Target JCPenney very soon we follow you shop at Macy's
we can send customers notifications about the products of a love as Earth products
the analysis from retail Mexican followers smart phones wifi signal to track traffic even saying how many people walked past the door
what mobile device Texan we can get those numbers and we can understand wait a minute what do I need to do differently is a retailer to get more customers to coming to the store
that feels too much like Big Brother shoppers can disable the wifi
knows exactly what they want out of application an exactly what he or she is willing to give up in terms of privacy rider information can get a lot out of this application
Maureen brown sharing her name email address in shopping habits is all part of the deal
we put so much information out there anyway blindly on Facebook
2 lots of people were we were part of the problem
give up some privacy save some money
Jonny Lang NBC News Chicago
when we come back remembering the fable 3 actor Peter O'Toole
the sad news came today from is agent actor Peter O'Toole died peacefully Saturday at 11 hospital phone with a long illness he was 81 years old is Phil mainstage career span more than 60 years we get morning after mendeecees Jim Macedo
Peter O'Toole begin his career as a bright young star the British stage
Lawrence of Arabia where he plays the heroic British officer the rubble Arab army to victory Oscar nominations Best Actor
do a correct
90 days ago time to be great again
kotulas good again and again winning 74 Oscar nominations 1960's Roses King Henry the second and Beckett and for goodbye Mr Chips
picture
Hilda dubious record for most Oscar nominations without ever winning one until an honorary award in 2003
the fact that he was the son of a bookmaker the guy who bet on race horses and I think you can dance appreciation irony that in his own life time Peter O'Toole we never a Shore Thing
who was known for his krausen heavy drinking with Richard Harris
drinking after about of pancreatitis in the 1970s almost killed tonight film and theatre goers in London West End bar satin by the news of his death
Eastern to mountain road
two years ago was honored by Holly
Peter O'Toole rakish supremely talented what is the best actors of this generation
NBC News
steelhead making the holidays a little happier person struggling military families
find me tonight sum of Santa's helpers been busy decking the halls auto insurance holidays be brighter than they might otherwise be for struggling military families are NBC's Janet shamlian what is faster Pasco
unabridged Colorado morning early
Houma Thurman Matt Anderson and his family
Spike Lee's from their Tucson given up on the idea of decorating your home this season
fun girl naked been fighting for his life after leukemia diagnosis change their lives 6 months ago your chest drops
NSYNC alike
United States its just a pneumonia or something it's the wrong
news promenade Rancho Santa Fe close to home
replacing battlezone deployments with Crips in and out of the hospital for chemotherapy put on this day for this family Christmas cheer RI
what a great way to do something
to get back to say thanks
Christmas decor started decorating soldiers home for free if you use to go from the public
the full decked out treatment this season for the military families it's always a surprise but a specially for the children Trulia like Christmas came early
18 and older brother band was almost the same so stop by and maybe
is amazing just the CIA means a cruise 1015 guys already super excited mean they're all here for us
even with his home transformed into something out of the North Pole the never lost side with this was really all about
whats the facts about the holidays
family
school